---
title: Terms of Use
subtitle: 'By using AMRcloud.net or app.AMRcloud.net (**“AMRcloud”**) or any part of it, Internet User (**“User”**) agrees to be bound by the Terms of Use without any exceptions and reservations. 
In case of disagreement with any provision of these Terms, User must immediately stop using AMRcloud.'

tags: []
categories: []
date: "2019-09-26T00:00:00Z"
featured: true
draft: false
share: false
profile: false
toc: true

---

## Use of AMRcloud

Administration of AMRcloud (**“Administration”**) grants User а non-transferable right to use AMRcloud. AMRcloud makes it possible to upload files («files» or «data»), process, change, delete and visualize data and results of data processing as well as to provide and manage access to results of data processing to the third parties. 

In order to upload and process data in AMRcloud, User must create an account. By creating an account, User acknowledges and agrees that AMRcloud displays her/his account name, but not email address, to the third parties with whom User decides to share the results of data processing. 

Regular functionalities and services of AMRcloud are available free of charge.

In order to use AMRcloud User will need an Internet connection. User is responsible for providing all equipment required to access the Internet.

Administration reserves the right to update or modify these Terms at any time and without notice to User. A new version of the Terms will come into force on the date of publication on the Internet at the following link: [https://amrcloud.net/en/terms-of-use](https://amrcloud.net/en/terms-of-use), unless otherwise provided by the new version of the Terms.

In case of disagreement with any new provision of these Terms, User must immediately stop using AMRcloud.

## Your Rights and Obligations 

User has the right to use AMRcloud in her/his sole discretion.

User acknowledges and agrees that she/he is solely responsible for:

- her/his usage purposes of AMRcloud;
- any content (data files and materials) uploaded by User to AMRcloud and its compliance with local, regional and international laws and regulations;
- any actions leading to violation legitimate interests of the third parties including non-property and other intellectual property rights;
- any attempts on intangible assets of the third parties.

User is not allowed to:

- upload, send, transfer or allocate and/or distribute any material that is illegal, malicious, libelous, violates intellectual property rights, demonstrates discrimination against people racial, ethnic, national, sexual, religious, social characteristics, discloses the third parties' personal information or data, including patient identification data, violates the rights of or injurious to the third parties, contains improper advertisement, violates any local, regional and international laws and regulations;
- upload, send, transfer or allocate and/or distribute any material that Users doesn’t have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships/ content that is subject to any third party proprietary rights;
- impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity;
- taking any action including technically aimed to violate normal functioning of AMRcloud;
- use AMRcloud for commercial purposes unless User has permission from Administration;
- use AMRcloud for any kind of illegal activity.

These Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal law of the Russian Federation without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

## Removing and Blocking

Administration reserves the right to delete User’s files immediately, with or without prior notice from Administration in the event that User fails to comply with any provision of these Terms. 

Administration reserves the right to suspend or terminate User’s access to AMRcloud **with notice to User** in the following cases:

- User uses AMRcloud in any manner that would subject AMRcloud or other users to the risk of harm or damage;
- User Account has been inactive for more than 12 months;
- User doesn’t mention AMRcloud as a system for processing and analyzing data while presenting any content generated with AMRcloud in public (e.g. in journal publications, reports at conferences);
- The reference for citing the use of AMRcloud:  Kuzmenkov A.Yu., Vinogradova A.G., Trushin I.V., Avramenko A.A., Edelstein M.V., Dekhnich A.V., Kozlov R.S. AMRcloud: a new paradigm in monitoring of antibiotic resistance. Clinical Microbiology and Antimicrobial Chemotherapy. 2019;21(2).

In case of one of the above situations, Administration may send a notification to User through the email address specified by User. If the above violations are detected, Administration will have the right to suspend User’s access to AMRcloud. In case User ignores notifications or violates provisions of the Terms systematically, Administration will have the right to delete User Account, including all data uploaded to AMRcloud, results of data processing and created links, without additional notice and consent from User.

Administration reserves the right to terminate User’s access to AMRcloud or delete User account without notice to User in the following cases:

- User violates any of the provisions of these Terms or related documentation (except all the above situations);
- User’s actions entail legal or regulatory liability and/or jeopardize the ability of AMRcloud to provide services to other users;
- There is no technical possibility to contact User and to notify her/him about the above conditions.

In addition, in case of high load on AMRcloud infrastructure caused by sharing results of data processing through generating a link with AMRcloud, this link may be blocked.

## AMRcloud Changes 

Administration has the right to change AMRcloud, such as change the existing or add new functionalities and services, at any time without prior notice.

## Revisions and Errors

All information and materials placed on AMRcloud may contain technical, spelling, typographical errors or mistakes in text, graphics and figures. Administration does not guarantee that any information, data and other materials are accurate, complete or correct. Administration reserves the right to change and correct any information or materials contained in AMRcloud without prior notice.

## Copyrights and Trademarks 

User retains her/his entire right relating to the materials uploaded by User to AMRcloud, including all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights.

User has the right to distribute results of data processing generated with AMRcloud. For citing any content of AMRcloud or reporting the use of AMRcloud for processing and analyzing data in journal publications and conference proceedings, the following reference is mandatory: Kuzmenkov A.Yu., Vinogradova A.G., Trushin I.V., Avramenko A.A., Edelstein M.V., Dekhnich A.V., Kozlov R.S. AMRcloud: a new paradigm in monitoring of antibiotic resistance. Clinical Microbiology and Antimicrobial Chemotherapy. 2019;21(2).

## Limitations

User acknowledges and agrees with the possibility of hardware failures and malfunctions in AMRcloud software including those causing violation of access to data processing results or loss of uploaded data. User agrees that Administration has no capability to predict any technical failures and to inform User in advance about such failures or to eliminate the possibility of the resumption of problems. Such situations cannot be used for bringing a claim against AMRcloud.

User acknowledges and agrees that Administration does not verify or endorse and takes no responsibility for any data uploaded by User or results of data processing in AMRcloud (except as expressly permitted by User). Administration does not guarantee that the files placed on AMRcloud are in accordance with applicable local, regional and international laws and subject to all terms, conditions and restrictions, under these Terms.

User acknowledges and agrees that she/he uses AMRcloud on her/his own risk and  Administration does not assume and will not have any liability to User for any information, data or results of data processing placed on AMRcloud, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof.

User is responsible for any negative consequences arising from her/his use of any information, data or results of data processing placed on AMRcloud, including damage to computers or devices owned by User or the third parties, loss of data or results of data processing, violation of rights or any other damages.

User acknowledges and agrees that personal account on AMRcloud is intended for her/his individual use. User has no right to transfer access to her/his account on AMRcloud to any third party on a paid or unpaid basis. If User account is accessed by more than one User at the same time, technical problems may occur.

Administration under no circumstances and without exception is not liable to User for any damages, arising from or relating to User’s use or misuse of AMRcloud or its functionality (services), including lost data caused by any technical failures or problems.

## Disclaimer

User acknowledges and agrees that she/he uses AMRcloud on her/his own risk. AMRcloud and all its functionality (services) are provided ‘as is’. Administration does not take on of any liability related to usage of AMRcloud and does not guarantee that AMRcloud will meet requirements and interests of User.

Administration does not guarantee that AMRcloud will function quickly, continuously, reliably and without errors.

Administration disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, of accuracy of results or reliability of information from AMRcloud (including related web resources or services).

Administration does not support or control links or materials placed by User through AMRcloud. Administration is not responsible for User’s materials, including their validity, legality or any other aspect thereof. Administration does not guarantee storage of data uploaded by User to AMRcloud.

Administration reserves the right to impose any rules, limitations and restrictions (technical, legal, institutional or other) and to change them from time to time in its sole discretion without any notice.  Limitations and restrictions may be different for various categories of Users and they are defined by additional terms between User and Administration in full compliance with applicable federal laws, regulations and rules.

Reference to any website, product, service, any information of a commercial or non-commercial nature, placed on AMRcloud cannot be considered either as an endorsement or a recommendation of these products (services) by Administration.